16/08/2026:
I downloaded deliberately dirty datasets to train myself
how to deal with this very common problem. However, I 
do know that real data is even messier in ways that we
cannot easily predict, but I do think that what I am going
to do will elucidate many concepts I need for my future
career. I decide to write this diary in English, to already
show to employees my proficiency, although grammatical and
spelling mistakes are guaranteed.

To start: it is evident that would be helpful for us that
the developers coding the websites or the data-generating
aplications should make very rigorous generators, I start
noticing that I could write "SP", SP, Sao Paulo, sao paulo,
in many webistes, making the job of the Data analyist and
scientist much worse.

For what I saw, we can somehow categorize the mistakes in
categories like:

INCONSISTENCY: "sp", "SP", "S.P", "são paulo", "sao paulo",
this is categorical variants to the same thing. Also prices
in real, some in dollar, what is called unit inconsistency.
Also encoding issues with especial accents like ã, ä, etc;

DUPLICATION: for what I understood, we may have in different
cells exact duplicates or fuzzy duplicates (SP and SPaulo).

VALIDITY: things like values outside the local range (a 67 cm 
dick size), foreign keys pointing to rows that do not exist or
uglinesses like numbers columns having currency symbols like R$.

OUTLIERS: if a value is not ilogical, it may be so rare that
we cannot just accept it mechanically, we may want to deal
cautiously with it.

MISSING DATA:
https://ealexbarros.medium.com/principais-tipos-de-dados-faltantes-missing-em-um-dataset-49aa35cf18c8
I readed the website above me to better understand what is
going on. There is three types of missing data: MCAR, MAR,
and MNAR.
    MCAR: random and not carring correlation. Like the data
from the orbit of saturn and the revenue of a small retail
store in Manaus. (I can actually make some hypothesis to
relate both events, like saturn's orbit and the months of earth).
    MAR: we may find correlation between missing data and
the data itself. Like men can easily say their weight, but
women may refuse by letting blank an option.
